you know where's can even scroll the
type of game it is I mean funny game you
later Bob down to the way things though
we started on baby come back you know
sit there in silence this is probably
going to be an instant classic type of
game and just like one seeing this
momentum our team grabs and once we do
17 gravity I'm just thought I was on the
witness honestly what was the difference
i can the scoring you guys had started
off so well second half can they kill it
28 points in that second well i don't
think we was able to get stops on the
power cord usual gets awfully hit when
around the first quarter that's probably
a good temple or third quarter we stop
learning this stuff that's cute dog
everything is predicated on people's
experiment so we gonna do a better job
you know even though we want two games
in the lotus of the third game in where
we go to big leaves and little slip away
Paul how do you do with this series is
right it's either I mean that's all you
can say we gotta win a game of Miami of
course you have a chance one in a series
you know it's going to suck on these
we expect every game and I'll go ahead
so you got to expect every game to be
like this you know coming down to the
wire both teams trying to find an edge
this is a very dammit do you feel like
you guys have the momentum and do you
think you can carry over into Tuesday we
wanted to you know we want to enroll we
feel like we let down to slip away so we
feel like we're a good momentum but you
know we got to start playing for 48
minutes you know we haven't put together
a 48-minute game ya go no reason we
should have gotten should have gone to
100 points tonight at six mon in the
first half so we're hoping that we can
put together Phil game is frustrating
that way to follow basic verify the kind
of even things up the flavor crew please
Ron first time the gala now 2008 called
the bronze felon out this new down
seriously his first about time found out
since 2008 LeBron everybody has a lot of
files when we were aggressive against in
tonight was so that we stepped on twice
as two charges we draw when he's garden
of all that's what you have to do a lot
of play
don't really try to tackle when I was
not off the way he plays against top
small forwards handle me also who knows
all the gave you that type of residence
between rumors around those away and so
he gets a lot of nights on good play
around